	Installation
1.	Check if user can install Taskade.apk application from Google play
2.	Check if the user can uninstall the mobile application from the phone
3.	Check if user can reinstall the mobile application  on the phone
4.	Check if the user can update the mobile application via Google Play
	
	Interruption
5.	Is the mobile app working correctly when I receive an incoming/outgoing call?
6.	Collapse the mobile app, make a call, and then return to the app
7.	Collapse the mobile application, send SMS and then return to the application
8.	Check that the mobile application works correctly when you receive a message from another application (calendar reminders,
	task list, etc.).
9.	Check if the mobile app behaves correctly when the charger is connected
10.	Check if the mobile app behaves correctly when the charger is disconnected?
11.	Check if the mobile app behaves correctly when it reports insufficient battery power?
12.	Check the mobile application when power saving mode is on
13.	Check whether the mobile app behaves correctly if the device
	has been put into hibernation?
14.	Check whether the mobile app behaves correctly if the device
	is out of sleep mode?
15.	Check whether the mobile application behaves correctly when unlocking the screen?
16.	Check if the mobile application works correctly by minimizing it in the background and calling the application by clicking on the application icon
17.	Check the correctness of the mobile application in the background when the music player is running
18.	Check the correctness of the mobile application when calling it from the background while the music player is running
19.	Check the mobile application operation when switching to another background application (Camera, browser, etc.) from the application switch and return to the application from the application switch
20.	Check the mobile application operation when switching to another background application (Camera, browser, etc.) from the application switch and return to the application by clicking on the application icon

	Connectivity
21.	 Check whether the mobile application behaves as desired if it is connected to the Internet through Wi-Fi
22.	Check whether the mobile application behaves as desired if it is connected to the Internet through  3G
23.	Check whether the mobile application behaves as desired if it is connected to the Internet through   2G
24.	Check whether the mobile application behaves as desired when the network is unavailable
25.	"Check to see if the mobile application resumes its operation when it accesses the network again after
access disruption"
26.	"Does the mobile app resume its work when
regains access to the network after
access disruption"
27.	Check the correctness of the mobile application when switching between networks (Wi-Fi, 3G, 2G)
28.	Check the mobile application when Flight Mode is activated 
